We're going to write the test in three simple steps.
First, we will mock, second will invoke the method under test.
Third, we are going to verify and assert.
So let's start by defining the class under test as a field in the test class.
Private product.
Rest controller, call it controller.
Next, we need two things to be injected into this controller private rest template, call it template or
let's call it a rest template.
And the third one is the product repo that is used by the product rest controller call it Repo.
These two needs to be mocked hit  control one on the rest template import that, mock it out using the @
mock annotation again, control one import that you can copy the @ mock annotation on the product repo
and we inject those two using inject Mock's annotation.
Now we have the mocked classes stub the method calls using when method when the first call we want to mock
is a little tricky.
Rest template dot get for object.
It takes string u r l which also should have the code, the product code the coupon code that we are
using.
And then it also takes a coupon class as the parameter and it returns a coupon back.
With that in mind, go to the test rest template dot get for  object that takes a u r l.
We don't need the third parameter.
The second parameter is the coupon dot class.
And the first parameter is the u r l, as I said, @ value annotation.
We have issues using that with Mockito, so we have other ways of doing it.
As I said you can explore them or simply go to the properties file under source main resources.
That guy right there go to application dot properties, grab this u r l and will define it as
a constant here within double quotes we have the u r l plus.
It also needs the coupon code, which is super sale.
Extract these two into constants.
The first guy hit control, one extract to a constant, call it.
Coupon Service u r l.
Let's go back here.
This guy is coupon underscores these underscore u r l copy.
Come back here, replace that and 2nd Super Sale can be extracted in to coupon code.
Constant extract to constant.
You can call it supersale or you can call it coupon code, coupon underscore code is much more meaningful
when that happens at the end dot then return a new coupon, object back, extract this new coupon
select it hit  control one extract to a local variable call it coupon.
Let me add some lines at the end so that you can see it better on this coupon will only set those fields
which are required for our test coupon dot set.
The first field is the code, which is the coupon code, which we have up top as a constant coupon
code.
Next will define a discount that will be used in our logic coupon, dot set discount, which is a big
decimals so new big decimal.
ten is the discount
Those two fields are good enough for our test case.
So that's the first STUBING, which is very important.
And also we need to set this.
u r l on to the controller because here we are testing using Mockito.
This @ value annotation won't work.
So we have to invoke the set coupon code u r  l on the class under test, which is controller dot set coupon
service.
u r l and pass in the u r l, which we have as a constant. One more Stubbing to do one more when class
this time on the repository when Repo dot save is invoked with a new product that we create
dot then return back the new product so you can extract this into a local variable, select new
product, extract to a new local variable call it product, and let's move this up top so that we have all these
in one place and here we return the same product back.
Let's set some fields on this product dot set coupon code is, again, coupon code that we have as
a constant product dot
Don't forget to set the price, otherwise we will have some null pointers and the calculation happens.
New big decimal 100 is the product price.
Save it.
So we have pretty much all the stubbing in place.
Next, invoke the method itself on the class under test, which is controller dot create is the
method pass it  the product we have already created hit control one assign statement to a new local variable
called this product created.
You can do some assertions or even before we assert we can verify some calls using verify, verify,
the first call is on the rest template on the rest template dot.
You can verify that get for object with the exact parameters we are passing here is being used so we
can pick that string one, take out the last parameter.
You can actually copy the parameters from up top here and replace these two parameters, get rid of
it paste the parameters.
That's the first verification.
Second, verify that Repo dot save is being invoked with the exact parameter which is the product.
Now we can start doing the assertions, assert not null.
The product that comes back which is product created will do one more assertion assert equals.
The product that comes back should have what did we set on the product, we have the coupon code and
we also have set the price so you can verify either of those two.
Let's go with the coupon code.
That will be enough.
Expected is coupon code and the actual is product created dot coupon code.
You can do other assertions as well.
It's up to you.
So to summarize in this lecture, we have done a lot of work.
We have mocked out everything that is required for our unit test
Then you have stubbed out the method calls and you have invoked the actual method under test, you have verified that everything
else will be invoked when that method is called.
And then you have done the assertions lets ensure that the coupon u r l s in the stubbing are right.
It has a coupon code.
Yeah, we are setting the u r l looks good.
Right
Click to run as J Unit test.
Once it finishes the  Junit, there we go, it's all green and happy, so you have successfully returned
a unit test for the create method.